---------------------------------------------------------------------
NECRO NECROMANCER NECROMANCERS

IMPORTANT NOTE: Necromancers are a SOLO class.  They are for experts
                only.  Necromancers will have a very difficult time
                in the game, and are not recommended for beginners.

*** READ 'help necromancer disclaimer' ***

Sub-Class of:  Magic-User

Necromancers are the vilest of all magic-users, concerned with death
and the undead.  They devote their lives to studying corpses, and
the magic required to reanimate them.  

Necromancer is a dangerous art, and shunned by most people.  The undead
who are brought back to life hate the living above all else, and
will attack any PC except the necromancer who raised them.  This makes
it close to impossible for the necromancer to group with other people,
since the pets he relies on for his power will attack anyone who
enters the room.

Necromancers are loners by nature, enjoying a solitary life.  The
undead are horrid creatures, unwelcome in any civilized town.

Allowable races:        Human, 

***Races: removed Orc. Drow and Rakshasa get necromancers.


Equipment usage:        Necromancers fall into the Magic-User
                        classification of item restriction.  This
                        means they have the smallest range of weapons
                        that they can wield and a very small range of
                        armor from which to choose.  They have almost
                        no restrictions on what miscellaneous magical
                        items they can use (wands, staffs, etc.)

Necromancer Innates:    none

See also:  MAGIC-USER, PRACTICE, SPELLCAST, NECROMANCER SPELLS, 
           NECROMANCER SKILLS, NECROMANCER DISCLAIMER
"NECROMANCER DISCLAIMER"

Necromancers are currently a very experimental class.
This means several things:

1. Documentation may or may not exist for your various abilities. Deal with it.
2. Any of your abilities may change at any time without any notice, up to and
   including removal of the class without reimbursement. Once again, deal with
   it.
3. Any necromancer caught abusing any sort of bug, or being twinky, will be
   dealt with much more harshly than any other player, to the point of terming
   for the slightest offense.
4. You are obligated to report any bugs related to necromancers and their pets
   immediately upon discovering them. This should be done with either e-mail to
   ski@idleminds.org,or a post on your guild board. Failure to do so falls
   under #3.
5. You are a solo class. Taking advantage of loopholes in the code to group
   with others, be it for zoning, power leveling, or anything else (unless you
   are not using any undead) also falls under #3.
6. Due to the nature of necromancers, they are subject to very strict rules
   regarding equipment. They should /always/ have good equipment on, as they
   are perhaps the only class in the game capable of equipping themselves.
   Gathering equipment takes precedence over /everything/, including doing
   experience. 'Good equipment' means that if a character of equivalent level
   killed you, he would not throw away your equipment as garbage. Yes, this
   is arbitrary. Yes, it is unfair. As above: deal with it. You want the
   power, you have to sweat for it.
On their own, necromancers are by far the most powerful class on the MUD. With
that power comes responsibility. You have been warned.

One final thing: Necromancers are definitely NOT a newbie class.

***Leave undead agro. Note spell Pacify Undead.

"NECROMANCER SKILLS"

[Level 1]
        1h Bludgeon
        2h Bludgeon
        Aerial Casting
        Aerial Combat
        Bandage
        Barehanded Fighting
        Carve
        Dodge
        First Aid
        Meditate
        Mount
        Quick Chant
        Scribe
        Sorcerous Spell Knowledge
        Swim
        Throwing Weapon

"NECROMANCER SPELLS"

[1st Circle]
        Detect Magic
        Magic Missile
        Minor Creation
        Preserve
[2nd Circle]
        Chill Touch
        Protection from Cold
        Vampiric Touch
        Animate Blood - Uses caster's own blood (dealing 50% of mxhit
                dam), and gives caster a level 10 pet that eventually
                'dries up'
[3rd Circle]
        Concealment
        Dispel Magic
        Embalm
        Raise Skeleton - level 15, class none.
        Decompose - opposite of preserve. May want to make it NPC corpse
                only.
[4th Circle]
        Raise Zombie - level 20 warrior. tries to bash and rescue.
        Sleep
        Wither
[5th Circle]
        Wilting - Does dam to plant mobs and water mobs, and water
                elementalists
        Coldshield
        Energy Drain
        Heal Undead
        Ice Storm
        Levitate
        Teleport
[6th Circle]
        Cone of Cold
        Protect Undead
        Raise Spectre - dual wielding assassin, 'fades from mortal
                viewing' wraithform (invis) proc
        Sense Followers
[7th Circle]
        Dimension Door
        Haste
        Raise Wraith - level 31 sorc (fist).
        Reveal True Name
[8th Circle]
        Dispel Invisible
        Improved Invisibility
        Raise Vampire - kickass warrior tank, bashes, rescues, doesn't
                guard
[9th Circle]
        Detect Invisibility
        Fly
        Raise Lich - one sorc circle 8, coldshields. one sorc circle 9, 
                fireshields.
        Mute Undead - Your undead will not spell themselves up while this
                spell is active.
        Command Undead - Negates Mute Undead
[10th Circle]
        Cloak of Fear
        Raise Dracolich - see Dracolich notes below.
        Vampiric Trance
        Pacify Undead - Makes zombies and skeletons not agro other players
[11th Circle]
        Wall of Bones
        Knock
        Fickle Finger of Death - will either power word kill target or
                your undead.
        *Wraithform - Upcoming Quest spell.
        *Analyze Object - Upcoming Quest spell, identify/reveal true.
        *Negate Hex - Upcoming Quest Spell, remove curse.

Dracoliches:
Dracoliches can rescue, tail sweep, breathe. tail sweep would kill the
necro if he commanded it, but they will do it when they are alone in the
room without the necromancer. A Necro will get either Green/Blue/Black/Red
randomly, and at 51, it is possible to get the rare White draco in that
random mix. the draco destroys the corpse it uses completely, along with
the equipment on it.

        Green           level 49        breathes poison/para
        Blue            Level 50        breathes cold
        Black           level 51        breathes shadow
        Red             Level 52        Breathes Fire

        White           Level 53        Breathes Ice
----------------------------------------------------------------------

